Update rbac.md (#29468)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac.md

  verbs: ["update", "get"]
```

{{< caution >}}
You cannot restrict `create` or `deletecollection` requests by their resource name.
For `create`, this limitation is because the name of the new object may not be known at authorization time.
`list`(and `watch`)actually can be restricted by their resource name, and permits list(and `watch`) requests using a fieldSelector of `metadata.name=...` to match a single object (for example, `/api/v1/namespaces/$ns/configmaps?fieldSelector=metadata.name=foo`). This is useful when using an informer to list/watch a single object.

> {{< /caution >}}

Reviewer: - I got it wrong. We don't need a `caution` because there isn't a snag like I thought. `note` was right.

- Not all readers will recognize “informer”, which is a client-side helper component. Clients in Golang often use informers and _some_ other clients have similar mechanisms, but not all. I would not mention informer here.

The detail to mention is that:
- if you restrict `list` and `watch` by `resourceName`, then the _only_ way that a client including (`kubectl`) can perform that `list` or `watch` is by specifying a field selector that matches on `metadata.name`.

Author: Update.

```

{{< note >}}

> You cannot restrict `create` or `deletecollection` or `list` requests by resourceName. For `create`, this

Reviewer 2: list and watch actually _can_ be restricted by resourceName, and permits "lists" requests using a fieldSelector to "list" a single object (for example, `/api/v1/namespaces/$ns/configmaps?fieldSelector=metadata.name=foo`)

This is useful when using an informer to list/watch a single object

Reviewer: Today I learned!
What might help, then, is to document that if you restrict `list` by `resourceName`, the user / client _must_ query using that field selector (is that right?)

Reviewer 2: yup

Author: According to the test I mentioned above, it is possible to use list for a specific resource. But how to use watch?

Reviewer 2: including the `watch` verb in the role would allow watching a specific resource by name using a fieldSelector

Author: Forgive me for the mistake.😂 The documentation has been updated

> {{< note >}}
> You cannot restrict `create` or `deletecollection` or `list` requests by resourceName. For `create`, this
> limitation is because the object name is not known at authorization time.
> {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: Ah yes. This has caught me out before!

I think I'd change upgrade this to a caution callout:
```suggestion
{{< caution >}}
You cannot restrict `create` or `deletecollection` or `list` requests by their resource name.

If you specify `resourceNames` along with the `list` verb, you are granting access to `get` all the resources
and not just the resource you named. This is because `list` returns a collection of all the matching resources.

For `create`, this limitation is because the name of the new object may not be known at authorization time.
{{< /caution >}}
```

Author: change note to caution

```

{{< note >}}
You cannot restrict `create` or `deletecollection` requests by their resource name.
For `create`, this limitation is because the name of the new object may not be known at authorization time.

> If you restrict `list` or `watch` by resourceName, then the only way that a client including kubectl can perform that `list` or `watch` is by specifying a field selector that matches on metadata.name.

Reviewer 2: Technical accuracy lgtm. Rephrasing the kubectl portion as an example might be clearer, but I'll defer to the docs reviewer:

```suggestion
If you restrict `list` or `watch` by resourceName, clients must include a `metadata.name` field selector in their `list` or `watch` request that matches the specified resourceName in order to be authorized.
For example, `kubectl get configmaps --field-selector=metadata.name=my-configmap`
```
